 undirected (blind) brute-force approaches 

    breadth-first search
    depth-first search
    ID-DFS search

Heuristic Approaches

    best-first search
    A* search
    (5 Total Methods)
    You'll want to think about the initial conditions and how to check for a "valid" 
    sequence and GOAL check at each step of the search process

                    Programming details:
                    
                    • You’re given 2 data files:
                    ◦ The first is a list of all the cities we know about—mostly small towns in southern Kansas —and
                    the latitude and longitude of each.
                    # Names have been tweaked so that city names consisting of more than one word have an
                    underscore rather than a space between the words (South_Haven rather than South Haven), to simplify input.
                    ◦ A file (CSV) listing each town (pair) as a related adjacent node. 
                    # be aware adjacency is symmetric: If A is adjacent to B, then B is adjacent to A. This may not be listed comprehensively if your method requires that bidirectional connections be explicitly stated, you may need to generate additional pairs for the symmetrical connection to work. {That is, tell the program that it’s possible to go from listed A as adjacent to B or listed B as adjacent to A.}
                    --> Be sure to take this into account when setting up your program’s data structures. If adjacency is listed in either direction, it should be considered present in both directions.

• Your program should:

    Ask the user for their starting and ending towns, making sure they’re both towns in the database.
    Ask them then to select the search method they wish to use to find a route to the destination.
        If that route exists, the program should then print the route the method found in order, from origin to destination.
        If you want to get fancy, you might see how the route generated looks as a map (either a map of connected states as we looked at in class, or as a projection in 2D space based on location and connectivity).
        Note that your database is very limited, and many of the real-world roads are left out for simplicity*.
    Your program should also: 
        measure and print the total time needed to find the route (and include a time-out).
        calculate and display the total distance (node to node) for the cities visited on the route selected.
        (opt) determine the total memory used (scale of the arrays) to find the solution.
    Return to the search method selection and allow a new method to be selected for comparison.